Fantasy football injury report Week 7: Latest on James Cook, Cooper Kupp and others
Story by Ayrton Ostly, USA TODAY
Week 7 of the NFL season is here and significant injuries are piling up across the league. Key fantasy football players may not take the field this week, including league-wide starters at wide receiver and running back.

Here's the latest injury updates for fantasy-relevant players this week. All of the players are questionable to start the week of practice but that status will likely change as practice participation changes throughout the week.


GREEN BAY, WISCONSIN - OCTOBER 13: Marvin Harrison Jr. #18 of the Arizona Cardinals warms up prior to playing the Green Bay Packers at Lambeau Field on October 13, 2024 in Green Bay, Wisconsin. (Photo by Stacy Revere/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 776151406 ORIG FILE ID: 2178236445
GREEN BAY, WISCONSIN - OCTOBER 13: Marvin Harrison Jr. #18 of the Arizona Cardinals warms up prior to playing the Green Bay Packers at Lambeau Field on October 13, 2024 in Green Bay, Wisconsin. (Photo by Stacy Revere/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 776151406 ORIG FILE ID: 2178236445
© Getty Images
Fantasy football injury report: Week 7
From NFL plays to college sports scores, all the top sports news you need to know every day.

WR Marvin Harrison Jr., Arizona Cardinals: Questionable (concussion)
Harrison Jr. left Sunday's game with a concussion in the second quarter. Cardinals coach Jonathan Gannon said Monday that no players have been ruled out for the Cardinals' "Monday Night Football" game against the Los Angeles Chargers. But other wide receivers have missed multiple weeks with concussions this season, including DeVonta Smith and Malik Nabers.

TH Wholesale High Quality 125Cc 150Cc Motorcycle For,2 Units.Vehicles & Transportation > Motorcycles & Scooters > Off-Road Motorcycles .Unisex.Red&Black
Alibaba.com
TH Wholesale High Quality 125Cc 150Cc Motorcycle For,2 Units.Vehicles & Transportation > Motorcycles & Scooters > Off-Road Motorcycles .Unisex.Red&Black
Ad
RB James Cook, Buffalo Bills: Questionable (toe)
Buffalo's top rusher missed Week 6 with a toe injury he picked up late against the Houston Texans in Week 5. He has not been ruled out of Sunday's game against Tennessee. Buffalo coach Sean McDermott said Tuesday that Cook has a chance to play Sunday. It may be good to keep Ray Davis on your roster just in case.

WR Chris Olave, New Orleans Saints: Out (concussion)
Olave did not participate in practice on Monday or Tuesday following his concussion last week against the Buccaneers. On a short week, he is out, per NewOrleans.Football's Nick Underhill. If you want a quick replacement for your lineup, the Saints' Bub Means may be a viable option.

WR Rashid Shaheed, New Orleans Saints: Out (knee)
Saints coach Dennis Allen said Wednesday that Shaheed will undergo surgery on his knee and could miss the rest of the season, per NFL Network's Ian Rapoport.

RB Brian Robinson Jr., Washington Commanders: Questionable (knee)
Robinson Jr. missed the Commanders' loss to Baltimore in Week 6 with this knee injury. But he is back on the field for practice Wednesday and things look optimistic for Week 7 at home against Carolina.

Yamaha Waverunner FX CRUISER SHO 2015 Waterproof Jet Ski Cover 2015
JetSkiCovers.com
Yamaha Waverunner FX CRUISER SHO 2015 Waterproof Jet Ski Cover 2015
Ad
WR Cooper Kupp, Los Angeles Rams: Questionable (ankle)
Kupp worked out on Monday and could play in Week 7 for the first time since Week 2. Rams coach Sean McVay said Kupp is making progress and "there is a possibility that he could be ready this week, [but] there is also a possibility that he may not be ready."

RB Rachaad White, Tampa Bay Buccaneers: Questionable (foot)
The Buccaneers get an extra day off before a "Monday Night Football" tilt against the Baltimore Ravens. No updates yet on White's status after missing Week 6. Considering how well Sean Tucker played, even if White's back in the lineup, he may have a diminished role.

RB Jerome Ford, Cleveland Browns: Questionable (hamstring)
Ford's fantasy outlook is not good. He likely will not practice Wednesday and coach Kevin Stefanski called him "week-to-week" health-wise. The Browns are also expecting starting running back Nick Chubb to return to the lineup this week, further lowering Ford's value. He may be worth dropping or at least looking at D'Onta Foreman against a porous Bengals defense.

Generative AI in 90 Minutes - Get Started with Generative AI
databricks.com
Generative AI in 90 Minutes - Get Started with Generative AI
Ad
QB Anthony Richardson, Indianapolis Colts: Questionable (oblique)
Richardson's expected to be a full-go in practice Wednesday for the first time since injuring his hip and oblique in Week 4. If he's back in the lineup, he may be a tough start against the Dolphins who are allowing the fewest fantasy points per game to opposing quarterbacks.

RB Jonathan Taylor, Indianapolis Colts: Questionable (ankle)
Taylor's missed the last two weeks with a right ankle sprain following a hard hit against Pittsburgh in Week 4. His outlook isn't as positive as Richardson's and Colts head coach Shane Steichen said Wednesday "we’ll see how the week goes, but he’s doing a lot better.”

RB Devin Singletary, New York Giants: Questionable (groin)
Singletary's missed the last two games with a groin injury but could be back in the lineup this week. But rookie Tyron Tracy Jr. has played very well in his absence. Much like White's situation, Tracy Jr.'s performance could lead to a diminished role upon Singletary's return.

TE Dallas Goedert, Philadelphia Eagles: Questionable (hamstring)
Just as the Eagles got wide receivers A.J. Brown and DeVonta Smith back, Goedert goes down with a hamstring injury. The team has not put him on IR but he is expected to miss a few weeks. Grant Calcaterra is likely the next-best fantasy TE option on Philadelphia's roster but he has struggled to stay on the field as a blocker.

WR Malik Nabers, New York Giants: Questionable (concussion)
Nabers has missed two weeks following his concussion against the Cowboys in Week 4. He was back in practice Wednesday but was labeled a non-contact participant. His outlook is better this week but he still has another phase to progress through in the concussion protocol to return to the field.

WR Jayden Reed, Green Bay Packers: Questionable (ankle)
Reed left the Packers' win over the Cardinals with an ankle injury and returned later but that may not mean he'll be back for Week 7. No news yet from practice or Packers coaches on his status. With Romeo Doubs and Christian Watson back on the field, Reed will likely see a smaller or more volatile role for Green Bay.

RB Tyjae Spears, Tennessee Titans: Questionable (hamstring)
Spears did not practice Wednesday for the Titans. Coach Brian Callahan said Monday that Spears is week-to-week. If he's out, Tony Pollard's role will increase and third-string running back Julius Chestnut could see more carries.

RB De'Von Achane, Miami Dolphins: Questionable (concussion)
Achane's been in the concussion protocol since leaving the Dolphins' Week 5 game against New England. Miami coach Mike McDaniel said Achane is in the final step of the protocol and could get cleared sooner than later. "We feel good where he’s at, for sure," McDaniel said Wednesday.

RB Jordan Mason, San Francisco 49ers: Questionable (shoulder)
Mason suffered an AC joint sprain in his left shoulder on "Thursday Night Football" in Week 6. He was back in practice on Monday in a non-contact jersey. That gives confidence he could be on the field in Week 7. If not, backup Isaac Guerendo ran well in Week 6 and could see a big role once again.

WR Jakobi Meyers, Las Vegas Raiders: Questionable (ankle)
Meyers returned to practice in a limited fashion late last week but did not suit up for the Raiders' game against Pittsburgh. No word yet on his practice status this week or anything from Las Vegas coaches. His return to practice late last week is promising for this week's game against the Los Angeles Rams.

RB Aaron Jones, Minnesota Vikings: Questionable (hip)
Jones was injured in Week 5 and Vikings coach Kevin O'Connell said he is "week-to-week" with the injury and avoided a long-term issue. Jones was back on the field on Monday but was not a full participant. Vikings' backup Ty Chandler would be a good start in Jones' absence if he's unable to play against the Lions.

RB Rhamondre Stevenson, New England Patriots: Questionable (foot)
Stevenson missed Week 6 against the Texans with the foot injury he suffered in Week 5. He was not seen in practice Wednesday. The Patriots make the trip to London this week to face the Jaguars and backup Antonio Gibson could be a good play if Stevenson doesn't make the trip.

WR Dontayvion Wicks, Green Bay Packers: Questionable (shoulder)
Like Reed, Wicks was hurt in Green Bay's win over Arizona in Week 6, but he did not return to the field. Packers coach Matt LaFleur said he doesn't think Wicks' injury is a long-term issue but he may miss time.

RB Travis Etienne Jr., Jacksonville Jaguars: Questionable (hamstring)
Etienne Jr. left Week 6's loss to Chicago with a hamstring injury following his shoulder injury entering the game. Jaguars coach Doug Pederson said Monday that Etienne is "week-to-week" with this injury. That doesn't give much confidence for his availability Sunday against New England in London. If he's out or limited, backup running back Tank Bigsby could be a solid flex option in your lineup.

RB Alvin Kamara, New Orleans Saints: Questionable (hand)
Kamara was limited in practice on Tuesday ahead of the Saints' "Thursday Night Football" game against Denver but he's expected to be active for that game.

This article originally appeared on USA TODAY: Fantasy football injury report Week 7: Latest on James Cook, Cooper Kupp and others