Georgia coach Kirby Smart is one of college football’s masterful motivators. And he will have plenty of motivational material when the Bulldogs take on Tennessee on Saturday at Sanford Stadium.

The Bulldogs just got trounced by Ole Miss, and they didn’t exactly flourish a week earlier in an unimpressive victory over injury-depleted Florida.

Top-25 voters have noticed. They dropped Georgia to 11th in the AP Top 25 poll and to No. 10 in the coaches’ poll. As the Bulldogs have plummeted, the Vols have risen to No. 4 in the coaches’ poll.

Smart must have been euphoric when he saw those rankings. You can expect him to deliver one of his all-time best motivational speeches – and that’s a high bar – before Saturday’s game. You also can expect him not to mention that oddsmakers have made Georgia a nine-point favorite.

While Georgia should have all the motivation it needs, Tennessee has the momentum. It has won four consecutive games, mainly because of a defense that can keep it in a game even when the offense is struggling.

©Saul Young/News Sentinel
Tennessee head coach Josh Heupel greets fans on the Vol Walk ahead of the NCAA college football game between Tennessee and Mississippi State on Saturday, Nov. 9, 2024, in Knoxville, Tenn.
Tennessee 23, Georgia 20: If Tennessee quarterback Nico Iamaleava is out because of injury, don't hold me to this prediction.

Iamaleava didn't play in the second half of UT's 33-14 victory over Mississippi State because of an "upper-body" injury. However, Tennessee coach Josh Heupel said after the game and again Monday that he expected Iamaleava to be in "great shape for Saturday."

Related video: Georgia On The Outside Looking In! CFB Rankings Surprises (Sports Illustrated)
Georgia is on the outside looking in 10 win, Indiana
Current Time 0:01
/
Duration 1:47
Sports Illustrated
Georgia On The Outside Looking In! CFB Rankings Surprises
0
View on Watch
View on Watch
As anyone who follows college football knows, if a coach tells you something about injuries, you can bank on it. Or bet on it.

South Carolina 30, Missouri 17: If you believe 10-2 is the ticket to the College Football Playoff, you justifiably could tout the Tigers as a playoff contender. Coach Eliah Drinkwitz does.

But even he knows better. Although Missouri has lost only two games, it has no impressive win and was routed by Texas A&M. Its best win might be against Oklahoma, which could be headed for a losing season.

LSU 34, Florida 30: LSU brought a Tiger into its stadium against Alabama. If it had let him out of his cage, maybe he could have caught Alabama quarterback Jalen Milroe. No other Tigers could.

While LSU is dealing with Post Alabama Stress Disorder, Florida is hurting physically. The Gators have the longest injury list in the SEC.

Texas 37, Arkansas 21: The Longhorns are in their first SEC season but already have more rivals than some of the conference’s more established members. Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Texas A&M all would love to knock off the Longhorns.

The Razorbacks aren’t up to the challenge, but they at least should come closer than the Sooners did.

Texas A&M 50, New Mexico State 10: Texas A&M had two weeks to prepare for New Mexico State, which seems about two weeks too long.

The wait should be worth it for Texas A&M’s offense. New Mexico State (2-7) hasn’t held an opponent to fewer than 30 points since its season opener.

Auburn 41, ULM 17: The Tigers have lost five of their past six games under second-year coach Hugh Freeze. The way they’re performing, someone is apt to start a rumor that Billy Napier isn’t the worst coach in the SEC.

Alabama 45, Mercer 6: Coming off a spectacular game against LSU, Milroe could be playing himself back into the Heisman conversation. But backup quarterback Ty Simpson might play more than Milroe against Mercer.

ADAMS: Tennessee football's big win overshadowed by injury to Nico Iamaleava

Kentucky 45, Murray State 7: If you don’t believe the Wildcats could score 45 points on anyone, you obviously aren't familiar with Racers football.

Murray State is 1-7 and has given up 50 or more points in each of its past three games. It also gave up 50 or more points in three other games, including 72 to North Dakota.

Record: 79-23 (.774), 54-35 (.618) against the spread.

John Adams is a senior columnist. He may be reached at 865-342-6284 or john.adams@knoxnews.com. Follow him at: twitter.com/johnadamskns.

This article originally appeared on Knoxville News Sentinel: Tennessee has momentum vs Georgia and other SEC football predictions | Adams