Given the overall mediocrity of the Eastern Conference, the Miami Heat aren't inclined to make an early-season panic trade.

Per ESPN's Tim Bontemps, the Heat planned to be patient by not making "any early moves" with this roster coming into the season and that "thought process hasn't changed" despite their 4-6 start.

There remains plenty of uncertainty about Jimmy Butler's future in South Florida given his contract status. He was linked to the Golden State Warriors during the offseason if the Heat decided to shop him around.

Butler is in the final guaranteed season of his contract with a $48.8 million salary, but he also has a player option for 2025-26 worth $52.4 million.

Anthony Chiang of the Miami Herald reported in October that Butler planned to play out this final season of his deal and then opt out in the summer. He could sign a four-year, $243 million deal with the Heat or a three-year, $171 million deal with another club if he becomes a free agent.

While patience is one way the Heat can spin this wait-and-see approach, ESPN's Bobby Marks pointed out in the same article as Bontemps' report that they are a little hamstrung with what they can do right now.

The Terry Rozier trade in January included a 2027 lottery-protected first-round pick going back to the Charlotte Hornets. The pick would be unprotected in 2028 if it doesn't convey in 2027.

✨ Watch more top videos, highlights, and B/R original content
Miami also owes a 2025 lottery-protected first-round pick to the Oklahoma City Thunder, but it would become unprotected in 2026 if it doesn't convey next year.

Marks noted the earliest first-round pick the Heat could include in a trade is two years after the conditions to the Hornets have been met, which won't be known for some time. He also pointed out the team is only $1.6 million below the second apron and can't trade Bam Adebayo, Haywood Highsmith, Kevin Love, Alec Burks or Thomas Bryant right now.

Rozier's contract isn't exactly exorbitant with salaries of $24.9 million this season and $26.6 million in 2025-26, but his numbers have declined across the board since being acquired by Miami. He's averaging 13.6 points on 38.0 percent shooting and 4.1 assists per game in 10 starts.

When you add all of that together, what do the Heat really have left to include in a trade? Butler or Tyler Herro are the marquee names, but dealing either or both would signal they feel like they're closer to a rebuild than contending for a title.

That's not usually the approach this organization likes to take, nor should it be when there are only two teams in the Eastern Conference right now with winning records.

Despite their 4-6 record, the Heat are only one game behind the Orlando Magic for the No. 3 seed in the East. Three of their six losses have come by three points or less.

