Veteran NBA Champion Announces Retirement From Basketball
Story by Ricardo Klein

Former NBA champion and New Zealand native Aron Baynes has retired from the game of basketball.

On Wednesday, his agent, Daniel Moldovan, revealed that Baynes has retired from basketball. He shared the news on social media.


Dwight Howard #12 of the Charlotte Hornets drives to the basket while being guarded by Aron Baynes #46 of the Boston Celtics during a game at TD Garden on February 28, 2018 in Boston, Massachusetts. Former NBA champion Aron Baynes has retired from the game of basketball. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Getty Images
Dwight Howard #12 of the Charlotte Hornets drives to the basket while being guarded by Aron Baynes #46 of the Boston Celtics during a game at TD Garden on February 28, 2018 in Boston, Massachusetts. Former NBA champion Aron Baynes has retired from the game of basketball. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Getty Images
© Photo by Adam Glanzman/Getty Images
"The boy from Mareeba! Representing you for your entire career has been the honor of a lifetime. You embody everything we teach young athletes about professionalism, dedication, and playing for the name on the front of the jersey, not on the back. Love you Azza!

All the very best in retirement 💚💛"


Baynes most recently played in the NBA during the 2020-21 season when he was a member of the Toronto Raptors.

He finished that year with averages of 6.1 points and 5.2 rebounds per contest while shooting 44.1% from the field and 26.2% from the three-point range in 53 games (31 starts).

12 Bottle - 750Ml Repack: Qty. 20
Wine Packaging By Naylor
12 Bottle - 750Ml Repack: Qty. 20
Ad
Just a few weeks ago, Baynes left the door open to continuing his playing career.

Baynes didn't sign with an NBL team for the 2024-25 season, leading to widespread assumption around the league that he would end his playing career. However, at the time, he was keeping his cards close to the vest.

"I'm not labelling anything," Baynes told ESPN.

"My body feels good. I love playing the game. It's just, right now, I'm focused on my family and being there with my kids. Just being dad right now. Just enjoying not having to be anywhere at any particular time, apart from school drop off and school pickup.

"Right now, nothing labeled; just, body feels really good, though, I'm moving well. We'll just see how it goes."

The 37-year-old played for the Brisbane Bullets in the 2023-24 season in the NBL and averaged 7.3 points per game and 4.3 rebounds per game.

Yamaha Waverunner FX CRUISER SHO 2015 Waterproof Jet Ski Cover 2015
JetSkiCovers.com
Yamaha Waverunner FX CRUISER SHO 2015 Waterproof Jet Ski Cover 2015
Ad
Baynes had quite the NBA career, playing for five different teams, including the San Antonio Spurs, Detriot Pistons, Boston Celtics, Phoenix Suns, and Raptors.

In his first two NBA seasons, he played in the NBA Finals with the Spurs, losing one and winning the other.

During his tenure with the Suns, he recorded a career-high 37 points, made nine three-pointers, and 16 rebounds.


In his playing career, he was an NBA champion, Slovenian Cup champion, Slovenian Supercup champion, Greek League rebounding leader, All-Greek Second Team member, LKL champion, Lithuanian Cup winner, and LKL Slam Dunk contest champion.

Prior to his NBA career, he attended Washington State, where he played for four seasons and went undrafted in the 2009 NBA Draft.

TH Wholesale High Quality 125Cc 150Cc Motorcycle For,2 Units.Vehicles & Transportation > Motorcycles & Scooters > Off-Road Motorcycles .Unisex.Red&Black
Alibaba.com
TH Wholesale High Quality 125Cc 150Cc Motorcycle For,2 Units.Vehicles & Transportation > Motorcycles & Scooters > Off-Road Motorcycles .Unisex.Red&Black
Ad
More news: Lonzo Ball Announces Official NBA Return Date

For more Spurs news, make sure to head over to Newsweek Sports.